Toyota is also focusing on hybrids in
Geneva with the hours HSD making its
first appearance introducing full hybrid
into the compact plus from outside the
car hardly differs from its gasoline and
diesel brothers the differences lie
beneath the hood with a 1.8 liter
gasoline engine developing 99 horsepower
and the electric motor 60 kilowatts for
total output of 136 horsepower in the
HST top speed is 180 km/h average fuel
consumption 4.2 liters the HST also
differs from the conventional Aris
inside as the pioneer in hybrid Toyota
restarting an interesting initiative
with the HST
the medium-term plan is to have a hybrid
version of every modern
olga's we have updated and upgraded the
L we've listened to the customers adding
the features he missed and starting in
summer we will have a hybrid version of
the hour resisting so that the customer
can choose from gasoline diesel or
hybrid drive before the IQ drives
without the slightest noise it is being
customized to a higher standard with
Toyota introducing the N collection
special edition to new interiors and new
paintwork colours give the car an
unmistakable look the rav4 introduced
the compact SUV segment years ago now
the front design has been upgraded and
the interior jazzed up a new feature is
Toyota optimal Drive making the engines
the most fuel efficient in their class
this compact rear-wheel drive is the FT
86 concept car although it looks like a
production model it is a study showing
how Toyota sees the small sports car and
regardless where it is presented the FT
86 really hits the headlines so let's
hope they build it soon
you